Proper source mapping for immutables. (#12046)
ethereum/solidity: docs/internals/source_mappings.rst

``1:2:1;1:9:1;2:1:2;2:1:2;2:1:2``

``1:2:1;:9;2:1:2;;``

> Important to note is that :ref:`verbatim <yul-verbatim>` verbatim instructions
> do not have individual but only one source mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Important to note is that when the :ref:`verbatim <yul-verbatim>` builtin is used, the source mappings
will be invalid: The builtin is considered a single intruction instead of potentially multiple.
```
